Tonight was fun.
It was. wasn't it?
I love that place.
This is me.
What. all of it?
Wow. I'd love to meet
your divorce attorney.
He's in jail now.
Right. all the best ones are.
God.
I'm so sorry.
It's work.
Don't hate me.
Your patients take advantage of you.
Ain't that the truth.
Someone tipped off the feds.
Ok.
Let me see what I can see.
I'm saying no NYPD.
No forced entry.
What kind of break-in is this?
Well. the quiet kind.
Top secret.
Ok. So what do we know?
15 employees in the
hospital. 9 in the icu.
internal bleeding. organ failure.
but no external injuries.
No blunt force.
Could be like Havana.
Some kind of directed-energy weapon.
No other employees were
affected on any other floor.
This was a targeted attack.
Someone wanted something.
- What do they even do up here?
- No idea.
And I bet you a sawbuck that this guy's
- not gonna tell us.
- I don't gamble anymore.
Hey. hey. don't touch that.
- Ok. that's no problem.
- Why?
Hi. I'm jubal Valentine.
special agent in charge
of the New York field office.
This is special agent bill Goodman.
And you are?
I'm the development
lead at critical devices.
They said if there's ever a
problem. I follow protocol.
I had my security chief call the FBI.
Well. it sounds like
you did the right thing.
You want to tell us what happened?
I go out for a slice. I come back.
I found my guys. my whole team...
Bleeding out their ears somehow.
You went out for a slice when
your whole team was attacked?
Yeah.
I want to know why this floor?
We work on sensitive
government contracts.
They're worth billions.
So it was a heist.
What'd they take?
I really can't say. I'm sorry.
- Sawbuck.
- Help me out.
Let's say this was some kind
of Havana syndrome attack.
How would our suspect
walk across the floor
when everyone else was getting zapped?
That's a really good question.
I know.
What's his problem?
Who are you?
You didn't ride up with us.
No. no. I came up on my own. I'm DoD.
We didn't ask for anyone from DoD.
Well. I'm not a guy you ask for.
Hey. don't touch that.
It's a crime scene. Let's see some ID.
Ok. buddy. look. I got clearance so high.
you need a ladder to reach it.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
Well. we'll see about that.
You wait right here. All right?
Hey. did you know DoD was here?
What? No. Where?
Right there.
We need to shut this building down.
Lock the doors!
Go! Go to the door!
All right. clear.
I'll go down. You go up.
Meeting someone.
So the feds think this
is a case they can make.
How very disappointing.
Almost everything is.
We couldn't keep the feds out of it.
By the time your man
pinged on our systems.
their company's
security chief had already
called law enforcement.
I'll find him.
Your asset. Adrian?
Yeah. Adrian torres.
We worked together in Venezuela.
He was modifying battlefield
tech for guerrilla purposes.
So we placed him at
a defense contractor
when we exfil'd him.
They make these Sci-Fi
laser blaster things.
Directed-energy weapons.
Well. anyway. I think
that he turned one on
and aimed it at his coworkers
in order to steal something.
This company. all they
make are doomsday devices.
This is bad.
Very much so. yes.
Can't believe I'm saying
this. but I need a new Chuck.
An FBI liaison?
We can't operate on your shores
without the FBI's say-so.
Poor Chuck.
He let you do whatever you wanted.
Look. Nikki. I need someone. anyone.
as long as they have
a badge and a pulse.
but we need to move fast.
I need your absolute best.
Yeah. well. I've got him.
He's a grinder.
He will work a case
until he makes sense of it.
no matter how complex.
- Is he a pushover?
- No. he's not.
My guy's a handful.
He likes to drive on the wrong side.
He's British. It's a long story.
Wait. he's British? How...
yeah. born here. raised there.
It's a long story.
Ok. well. I'm telling
you. this is your guy...
two tours in Afghanistan. a law degree.
the highest honors from
university of Michigan.
starting pitcher on his
high school baseball team.
What's his era?
He's true blue.
Well... We don't see color.
Everything we do is gray.
Right.
Yeah. come on in. bill.
Sit down.
I'll stand.
Ok. well. congratulations.
you've been selected to join
an elite CIA-FBI fusion cell.
- Excuse me?
- You're welcome.
I didn't apply for that.
Never even heard of that unit.
Well. then they're doing their job.
Why me?
You've worked
organized crime. narcotics.
you're a Jack-of-all-trades.
and. unlike me. you manage up nicely
without being a total kiss-ass.
Thank you. I think.
See that? Very smooth.
Never just the thank-you.
This fusion cell. they...
they take on tricky situations
where the U.S. government
needs to use a lighter
touch. counter terrorism.
diplomatic flare-ups. you know.
How long is this posting?
It's hard to say.
You're honored. I'm sure.
Here. their hidey-hole.
Code's on the back.
There's no floor number.
What do I know?
8. 1. 2. 4.
8. 12?
Special agent bill Goodman. Colin glass.
You.
Expecting someone else. were you?
DoD?
Of course you're a spy.
Nothing gets by the feds. does it?
Right. I need you to hand
in all your electronic devices
- and weapons. please.
- I'm not leaving my gun.
Yeah. you are. And your phone as well.
The whole station's a skiff.
Can't have hackers listening
in to our conversations now.
Come on. got work to do.
All right. right this way.
You do this whole rigmarole every day?
Nah. I don't use the visitor's entrance.
All right. hey. look.
why don't we set aside
our differences and just work the case?
How's that sound. officer glass?
It's Colin. And it's not a case.
It's an op.
Nikki. Gina.
this is special agent
bill Goodman of the FBI.
We actually met at
the scene of this heist.
- Technically.
- Well. technically counts.
Gina gogean here is a
crack intelligence analyst.
And this is Nikki Reynard.
deputy chief of station
and one year removed
from a bonkers career
as a clandestine operations officer.
It's really nice to have you. bill.
So today's problem is critical devices.
They design next-gen
weapons for the armed forces
and for special-ops groups.
As you know. last night. someone staged
a robbery at their shop.
Whatever was taken. it was dangerous.
We fear that one of our assets
may be involved. Adrian torres.
If he is. we need to get ahead of it.
Colin?
Yeah. so I reached out
through our emergency channel.
Dead air. but that's
protocol if he feels exposed.
I'll save you the time.
Problem here is. your asset went bad.
You're an expert on
working assets. are you?
No. but I'm a whiz at color by number.
Bill. let's hear your theory.
Look at the timeline.
Five years ago. a
Venezuelan weapons developer
starts feeding intel
to the CIA. builds trust.
You exfil'd. set him up with a cushy job
and access to the very weapons
he used last night to viciously disable
his coworkers so he could Rob them.
So you think Adrian is a dangle?
Prove to me he isn't.
You know. he risked his life
and his family's life to help us.
It wouldn't be the first time the agency
fell for a sob story. would it?
His cartel executed his
sister in broad daylight.
That wasn't theater.
When I brought him here.
they lost their best engineer.
and he has followed every rule.
Whose idea was it to give him
access to weapons technology?
- He's not a double.
- How do you know?
Because I know.
Ok. why don't we all put
everything back in our pants
and focus on the facts?
Since he arrived stateside.
Adrian has kept a low profile.
No travel. no extracurriculars. no pets.
Go back to his financials. please.
There.
He's paying for a second
apartment in white plains.
With a second phone line installed?
Pull the log. Who's he calling?
One number. Bobby pereira.
Works odd jobs. drives for Uber...
And has an uncle on a watch list
for cartel money laundering.
He never mentioned a Bobby pereira.
No?
So your asset's tight with
someone with cartel ties
and he just forgot to mention that?
Colin. where are you going?
I'm gonna run down a lead.
Mind sharing with the rest of the class?
Yeah. I kind of do. actually.
Colin?
If this guy's gonna wet himself
every time we cross a
line. then he is not our guy.
Jubal says he's one of their best.
He's a boy scout with a briefcase.
He's probably got a bedtime.
You asked for an FBI liaison.
I got you someone who
can help you if you let him.
Help me?
He's only been here five minutes
and accuses me of running a double.
Would you just get your ego out of this?
Find your asset. Put this to bed.
And don't forget. you need him right now.
And. Colin. don't do anything stupid.
Stupid is a spectrum.
Hello.
Ian. it's bill.
If it isn't 007.
How's it going up there?
It's something. all right.
I need a favor.
First day of school.
already calling me to do your homework?
What's the case file for my record?
It's not a case. It's an op. or so I'm told.
Look. I need a full
workup on a name... fast.
Finally.
Why haven't you answered your phone?
This is exactly why we
have protocols in place.
- I'm being followed.
- What?
Someone's following me.
Two blocks back. I turn. so do they.
I speed up. so do they.
- For ten blocks now.
- Ok. ok. Bobby.
I need your help. ok? I'm scared.
Take a deep breath. Tell
me exactly where you are.
I'm on fulton. headed to water street.
Ok. stay on the phone.
I'm coming to you.
All right. in the meantime.
just do exactly as I say.
- You still see them?
- Yeah. still there.
Right. I want you to cross the street.
No. that's the side of the street he's on.
Bobby. calm down.
Bobby?
You still there? Bobby!
Bobby pereira. let's see your hands.
Let me see your hands.
- All right. stand up.
- Please.
Please. I didn't do anything. Please.
Hey. hey. bill. bill. put the gun down.
It's not what you think. ok?
Bobby. you all right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
So you do know him.
What else are you lying about?
Wait. you two know each other?
No. we don't. Who is he?
Gun!
Gun. gun. gun. gun. gun!
Bobby. Bobby.
- Ping. is he in?
- Yeah.
Lock the door behind us. please.
- This way. this way. this way.
- Who's that?
- That's ping.
- Yeah. who's ping?
We use his shop from time
to time when business is slow.
This way.
Dr. Russo.
Who do we have here?
Took one to the shoulder.
likely a 9-millimeter.
Yep. passed clean
through between the scapula
- and the clavicle.
- He's lost a lot of blood.
You are a real doctor?
Special operation surgical team.
most recently deployed in Kabul.
- He'll live.
- Good. good.
You gonna tell me what's going on?
'Cause this guy Bobby. who
you pretended not to know.
should be at a hospital in custody.
Looks like he's the
coconspirator to a double agent.
Bobby is not a coconspirator.
He's... he's torres' partner.
I don't see a difference.
Well. that's quite clear.
He's torres' romantic partner.
What... Nikki. how the hell... it's ok.
Tell her to give us a minute.
You're really gonna have to work
on that security detail. senator.
It's UN week.
So whatever it is you
want. Nikki. make it fast.
I've got an appointment with Italy in ten.
I'm assuming that's Italy?
Why I'm here.
Pretend there was a
break-in that no one will ever
talk about at a defense contractor
that doesn't operate in the city.
Nikki. I can't.
It gets worse.
Pretend there was software
stolen at this break-in.
- You're joking.
- Who's laughing?
What do you think
might have been stolen?
So... directed-energy weapons.
Hypothetically used at last night's attack.
A dozen in the icu.
What if it didn't just scramble brains?
What if software could teach this thing
to scramble machinery?
Machinery?
Cars. planes?
I believe the contractor's pitch was.
if it flies. it dies.
You should have told me.
Bill.
I've kept their secret
for years from everyone.
from my own people. just to keep them
and their families safe.
Why on earth would I tell you?
We didn't even know each other.
What a blissful life that was.
You have lied to me from the jump.
And you've been honest. have you?
You didn't tell me you were tailing Bobby.
Well. I wouldn't have
been tailing him if we...
we're running in circles.
Just because they're
lovers doesn't mean
they aren't also terrorists.
You should get that put on a t-shirt.
Colin.
I don't know where Adrian is.
He's on an upswing.
I think he's off his meds.
Medication?
He's bipolar.
When he gets like this.
everything is a fantasy.
He's so far away.
Well. what does that mean?
He's been coming home late for weeks.
sending messages in secret.
I thought he was cheating.
so I checked his whatsapp
when he was asleep.
and the messages were written in code.
I took a picture on my phone.
Ok. well. where's your phone?
I dropped it.
I picked it up.
Well. I knew you'd come
in handy at some point.
Here. show me.
Did you ask him about these messages?
I haven't seen him in days.
And then last night. he calls me
and he said to meet him
tonight at jfk. 11:00 P.M.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Yeah. Bobby. we're
gonna need to take this. ok?
Do you think. if that man tried to kill me.
is Adrian already dead?
Hey. hey. hey. listen. if I know Adrian.
it's gonna take a lot more
than a man on a motorbike
to get to him. ok?
Please. when you find him...
He doesn't know what he's doing.
Torres is in the wind.
His location's unknown.
His intentions are unknown.
Is there anything that we do know?
We know he's fleeing the country.
Yeah. with a weapon on
every terrorist's Christmas list.
That's true.
He could flip this thing
back to his cartel contacts.
shoot down military aircraft.
If he did turn. he could sell it
to Iran to control the straits of hormuz.
Isis. North Korea.
I don't think that's his plan.
What do you think. new guy?
The asset's been reliable.
but currently. he's off his medication
and he's paranoid.
Do I think he's turned?
Honestly. I don't know enough yet.
Well. we know one thing for sure.
We know where he's
gonna be in 90 minutes.
I cracked the whatsapp code.
basic substitution cipher. rotating key.
Good. Gina. what's the message?
Right. East river park. 1:00 P.M.
Scoop him up with
whoever he's meeting.
We'll sort out the rest later.
- On it.
Ok. if you see anything. don't be a hero.
Keller. I've got eyes on Adrian.
He's south of me. next
to the hot dog stand
in a red beanie.
He's just made contact
with some ape-shaped guy
in a gray hoodie.
Do me a favor and
paint him for me asap.
Bill. seven o'clock.
Adrian has made contact.
Get a photo. See if
we can ID the other guy.
Gina. can you ID him?
Working on it.
Low-level Venezuelan
arms dealer Jorge Santos.
Guy's one strike away from
life without possibility of paella.
Well. what are we doing here?
I thought orders were to bring him in.
No. we don't engage.
This Santos guy is low level. We follow.
Maybe he can lead
us to whoever's behind
whatever this is.
You understand that? It's gonna be fine.
Gun! Everybody down.
Get down! Get down!
Get down!
My god!
Forget the shooter. Get Adrian.
Adrian. Hey. hey. hey.
It's me. It's me.
Colin?
Shooter fleeing on a
red Ducati west on Dover.
- Where's the drive?
- What?
- He took it.
What a mess.
Ok. Santos is painted. I'll track him.
Stay with Adrian. Gina?
Go. Go.
South of you. heading
west toward water street.
Colin. carefully.
He's right in front of you.
Santos is dead.
They're trying to cover
their tracks. whoever this is.
And the drive is gone.
He's cuffed to a radiator in the bathroom.
I will read him his rights.
What? He's not under arrest. bill.
We don't do this to people in america.
The FBI follows the constitution.
- And so do I.
- And here it is.
You don't like the way I work.
I have a duty to uphold the law.
I took an oath. How about you?
Don't wave old glory at me.
You surrendered your leverage
when you screwed up at the park.
I screwed up? You didn't follow orders.
That shooter made you for a
fed the moment he saw you.
Ok. his medication's
probably kicked in by now.
- I'm gonna question my asset.
- Your asset?
You mean the one who caused all this?
You know. if you're not
gonna listen to a word I say.
why even have me...
at last. he gets it. You took your time.
You just need me and my shield
to operate on U.S. soil.
Is that right? I'm just a tool to you?
Yeah. you are.
I need you to work domestically.
And this is my op. not your case.
So if you have a problem
with that. there's the door.
But I read your file. bill...
And I actually think I know your mind
better than you know it yourself.
I can tell. deep down.
that you are dying to do what I do.
You've been living this
black-and-white FBI life.
but you know it's bollocks.
You know that this is where
the real problems of the world
get solved. here in the gray.
Look. I can get another
halfwit agent up here
in ten minutes. so either
get on board or don't.
but make your mind up right now
because I've got a job to do.
The FBI closes cases.
We keep the world safe.
So this is how you repay my trust. is it?
Have I not done enough for this country?
- Sit down.
- Have I not risked enough?
- Colin.
You were going to sell an
American-made super weapon
to the highest bidder.
I spent ten years of
my life building weapons
to kill people. and when
I came to this country.
I promised myself that
I would do everything
in my hands to keep people safe.
So no. it was never
meant to be a weapon.
I designed it for defense.
But. Colin. they took it from me.
and I intend to free it.
Well. slow down. Adrian. Who took it?
Your employer. critical devices?
Yes.
Listen. I wrote the software
that can detect and
disrupt the frequencies
of directed-energy attacks.
I did that to keep planes
and boats and American soldiers safe.
They weaponized it.
I was just gonna expose them.
Expose them?
Please don't tell me you thought
you were gonna blow the whistle.
That man in the park. what'd he tell you?
He works for a journalist.
a writer that covers the defense industry.
He...
we struck up a conversation at a bar.
Adrian. you were a Mark.
- No.
- Yeah.
- Colin. no. no. no.
- Yes. No. you were.
And if you'd been taking your medication.
you would have realized that.
He wasn't a journalist.
That man was an arms
dealer. and he's dead now.
His own people must have taken him out
after they tried to kill Bobby.
- Is Bobby ok?
- He is.
Colin. is Bobby ok?
Yeah.
But they tried to eliminate
him to cover their tracks.
and they would have killed you too.
Adrian. the man in the
park. we need a name.
Who does he work for?
Samuel acevedo. you can look him up.
He has a website.
This the guy?
Yeah. that's him.
Well. it just gets better
and better. doesn't it?
I know who this is.
His name is Saul obregon.
also an arms dealer wanted in
god knows how many countries.
Yeah. he's used this ploy before.
posing as a journalist
to get close to his targets.
Do you know where he is now?
Ok. all right. stay here.
Keep an eye on him.
I need to go see a source.
try and fix what you've broken.
Retirement looks good on you.
I never left completely.
I just ignore those return to office emails.
You know. in Venezuela. I got made.
As an American asset.
the cartel was on their way to kill me.
and they actually killed my sister.
I'm sorry.
The CIA pulled the whole operation.
and Colin was supposed
to take a plane back home.
but instead he hid me
and Bobby in a Jeep
and drove ten hours to la guaira
and then smuggled us into a ship.
Ten hours with Colin
is punishment enough.
We were shot at.
He drove with a bullet in his shoulder
and didn't stop until we were safe.
He is a bully and a liar.
I'll never meet a greater man.
Consider this a finder's fee
for what I know you already know.
How did you know I was looking for this?
How did you know I was in Kyiv in 2019?
Ok. now tell me what you know.
Obregon's got his hands
on something big. valuable.
Some of my old clients were interested.
It's too bad I don't broker
those arrangements anymore.
A directed-energy weapon?
Hypersonic. future tech.
But he hit a snag.
Yeah. he had the hardware
but not the software
until recently.
Then what are you missing?
You don't know.
Don't know what. Sonya?
Obregon is auctioning it off.
But first he's going to
demonstrate the weapon today
in New York City.
This might be the most insane idea
you've ever pitched
me. which is a high bar.
- Thank you.
- It was all his idea.
But I'm in.
We're gonna launch a
chopper over the east river
so that Saul obregon
can shoot it out of the sky
with a sound weapon is the plan?
The long and the short of it. yeah.
Why can't we ground air traffic
until we locate Saul obregon?
Obregon told buyers to watch the skies
over the east river at 4:00 P.M.
That's from my source.
If we don't give them a
target. we lose the window.
We lose the weapon.
That's rush hour in the city.
thousands of signals...
radio. cellular. microwave.
interference everywhere.
Adrian torres designed this software.
knows the signature.
Says he can pinpoint it within seconds.
Goodman. you wanted to
lock this guy up this morning.
Now you're willing to
stake lives on this asset.
I am. I trust torres.
Why?
Knowledge I've gathered on this ca... op.
Plus. my gut says so.
Do they go with their gut in the FBI?
Not so much. but I'm trying
all kinds of new stuff today.
Your buddy the pilot. is he ready?
Known him since Quantico.
We can rely on him.
You think this is really gonna work?
I never said that. I said I hope it works.
When you get up in the air.
you're gonna be on the
radio with Colin. Now...
hey. no disrespect. but
why should I trust him?
Because I'm asking you to.
All right. it's the weirdest
operation I ever heard of.
Thanks very much. Charlie.
I'll take that as a compliment.
Helicopter 2874 hotel Sierra.
Requesting clearance for takeoff.
So once the weapon is operational.
you think 60 seconds
to disable the chopper?
Yeah. 60 seconds. could be less.
It all depends on beam characteristics.
60 seconds. maybe less.
Did you hear that. bill?
Hey. I said we'll get it done.
We will get it done.
Ok. fellas. how you doing?
We're clear with the east side tower.
Good for an eastward
departure over the river.
Ok. well. godspeed.
Ok. chopper's airborne.
- Anything?
- Nope. nothing.
Damn it.
Colin. I got people in every building
six blocks north and south of the heliport.
- No Saul obregon.
- Come on.
We've been hit.
Lost flight control and navigation.
Ground team is ready to respond.
You just keep her airborne.
We will shut it down.
Make it fast.
Engine failing. and
we're losing hydraulics.
Drone's got a hit. Searching now.
Got it.
Colin. it's three blocks
south of you. maybe less.
We can't pinpoint it just yet.
Well. they can't be.
The FBI's already searched that area.
Ground team. report. What's your eta?
We're working on it. Charlie.
Bill. what if he's not in a building?
What if he's mobile?
Well. if he's mobile. then he still needs
line of sight to the helicopter.
Gina. if he was in a vehicle.
- where would he be?
- I don't know.
Anywhere between
wall street and old slip.
East of Pearl. maybe.
Lock up south street.
We're gonna head him off.
Come on.
Hey. Gina. where am I going?
Need a few more seconds.
Got a location on the weapon.
He's just ahead of you on the right.
Turn right here.
I can't. That's a one-way street.
Turn right right here!
We need to block off the street!
Come on.
Ground team. report.
Not sure how much longer I
can keep this thing airborne.
FBI is on foot. Charlie.
Bill is gonna shut this thing down.
Pickup truck!
Go. go. go! FBI! Drop it!
Drop it! Hands up!
Get out of the vehicle... now!
Shut it down.
It's too late.
Move.
Nikki. I'm in.
Just another moment.
UN momento mas.
por favor. UN momento.
- We have control.
- Shut it down.
Done. disabled.
Hotel Sierra. come in.
Gina. get me eyes on the chopper.
Guys. are you still there?
We're down.
Controls are fried.
Had to do a full autorotation.
Wasn't pretty. but we made it happen.
- Let's go.
- Is Charlie...
he's down on the ground. He's ok.
They're ok.
Adrian?
Adrian!
Fine. I'll say it...
without your asset. we
would have been cooked.
Yeah. I told you. you
just needed to trust me.
Well. thing is. you know.
I know what I look like.
how I seem. a boy scout.
But I've been burned before.
so I don't really trust anyone.
Well. as far as I'm concerned.
those are the only people worth trusting.
You know. if things were different.
we might have been friends.
Let's not get too carried away. shall we?
Nice knowing you.
Take care.
Hey. what you said.
that you read in my file
that made you so sure
this was what I want to be doing...
you didn't read my file.
Of course not.
I'm not allowed to read
FBI personnel documents.
He's a liar and a
liability. but he's effective.
You can... you can handle him?
I can.
Good. because you are
being permanently detailed
to the fusion cell.
And they are lucky to have you.
What's the catch?
Yeah. a little thing. we...
well. FBI counterintelligence
believes there's a mole
in CIA's New York operation.
And it is your job to find him or her...
However deep they're burrowed in.
Someone up there likes you for this.